

This is the map described in and accompanying the article:  
**A comprehensive molecular interaction map of the budding yeast cell cycle.**   
Kaizu K, Ghosh S, Matsuoka Y, Moriya H, Shimizu-Yoshida Y, Kitano H. _Mol Syst
Biol._ 2010 Sep 21;6:415. Pmid:
[20865008](http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/20865008) ; doi:
[10.1038/msb.2010.73](http://dx.doi.org/10.1038/msb.2010.73)  
Abstract:  
With the accumulation of data on complex molecular machineries coordinating
cell-cycle dynamics, coupled with its central function in disease patho-
physiologies, it is becoming increasingly important to collate the disparate
knowledge sources into a comprehensive molecular network amenable to systems-
level analyses. In this work, we present a comprehensive map of the budding
yeast cell-cycle, curating reactions from ∼600 original papers. Toward
leveraging the map as a framework to explore the underlying network
architecture, we abstract the molecular components into three planes--
signaling, cell-cycle core and structural planes. The planar view together
with topological analyses facilitates network-centric identification of
functions and control mechanisms. Further, we perform a comparative motif
analysis to identify around 194 motifs including feed-forward, mutual
inhibitory and feedback mechanisms contributing to cell-cycle robustness. We
envisage the open access, comprehensive cell-cycle map to open roads toward
community-based deeper understanding of cell-cycle dynamics.

This model was taken from the supplementary material of the original article (
[Supplementary Data
S1](http://www.nature.com/msb/journal/v6/n1/extref/msb201073-s1.xml) ) and is
best viewed with CellDesigner 4.1 and higher ( <http://celldesigner.org> ).

Creators: Kazunari Kaizu (mail address), Samik Ghosh, Yukiko Matsuoka, Hisao
Moriya, Yuki Shimizu-Yoshida, Hiroaki Kitano Creation date: Jan 2009 Last
modification: 28th July 2010 Created by CellDesigner 4.1
(http://celldesigner.org) Stored in CellDesigner annotated SBML Level 2
Version 4 format. (c) The Systems Biology Institute

This model originates from BioModels Database: A Database of Annotated
Published Models (http://www.ebi.ac.uk/biomodels/). It is copyright (c)
2005-2011 The BioModels.net Team.  
To the extent possible under law, all copyright and related or neighbouring
rights to this encoded model have been dedicated to the public domain
worldwide. Please refer to [CC0 Public Domain
Dedication](http://creativecommons.org/publicdomain/zero/1.0/) for more
information.

In summary, you are entitled to use this encoded model in absolutely any
manner you deem suitable, verbatim, or with modification, alone or embedded it
in a larger context, redistribute it, commercially or not, in a restricted way
or not..  
  
To cite BioModels Database, please use: [Li C, Donizelli M, Rodriguez N,
Dharuri H, Endler L, Chelliah V, Li L, He E, Henry A, Stefan MI, Snoep JL,
Hucka M, Le Novère N, Laibe C (2010) BioModels Database: An enhanced, curated
and annotated resource for published quantitative kinetic models. BMC Syst
Biol., 4:92.](http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/20587024)

